Add option to deploy secrets and Thanos sidecars (#5)
projectsyn/component-syn-kube-prometheus: docs/modules/ROOT/pages/references/parameters.adoc

NOTE: The prometheus-operator deployed by this component will only reconcile resources in these namespaces.

== `secrets`

[horizontal]
type:: dict
default:: `{}`
example::

[source,yaml]
----
secrets:
  my-secret:
    stringData:
      foo: bar
      long: |
        A long
        multiline secret
  object-storage:
    metadata:
      namespace: foo-ns
    stringData:
      thanos:
        type: S3
        config:
          bucket: thanos
          endpoint: s3.example.com
          access_key: '?{vaultkv:${cluster:tenant}/${cluster:name}/s3_access_key}'
          secret_key: '?{vaultkv:${cluster:tenant}/${cluster:name}/s3_secret_key}'
----

The `secrets` parameter can be used to create a list of arbitrary secrets.
The key is used as the name of the secret and the value is transformed into `Secret` resources.

> NOTE: When specifying an object as sringData, the component will render the object as YAML and add it as a string.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
NOTE: When specifying an object as value for a key in `stringData`, the component will render the object as YAML and add it as a string.
```
